[DOC] improve the release description in the Contributing guide (#554)
process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-js: CONTRIBUTING.md

- create a new branch in the [bpmn-visualization-examples](https://github.com/process-analytics/bpmn-visualization-examples/demo)
 repository and add the new demo content (proceed how it has been done for prior versions). 
- push to GitHub and create a new Pull Request

#### Examples update
**Note**: do this using the Pull Request you have just created for the demo update

Make the examples use the latest version of the lib. A bash script is available to help you for this task in the `scripts`
folder.
Tests that the examples work with the new lib version.

#### Tagging
When all updates have been completed, merge the Pull Request created above.

To create the tag, the easiest way is to create a new release by following the [GitHub help](https://help.github.com/en/github/administering-a-repository/managing-releases-in-a-repository#creating-a-release)
- for `Tag version`, use a value that is the same as the lib. The tag will be created when the release will be published
- for `Target`
  - usually, keep the `master` branch except if new commits that you don't want to integrate for the release are already
  available in the branch
  - in that case, choose a dedicated commit 

>   - **important**: ensure that the build to pass on the chosen branch or commit used to create the release

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - **important**: ensure that the build is passing on the chosen branch or commit used to create the release
```
